# TLProfilesCreator
The Telegram-ProfilesCreator program is used for creating 'News broadcaster profiles' from Social Networks users (Telegram).

# Abstract

The dissemination of news on social networks is a widely spread phenomenon and plays a fun-damental role in informing society. The ease of access to social networks, together with the great speed of content propagation in them, makes them an interesting element for study and research, especially when they play a role as a 'catalyst' or amplification of news.
Frequently, social media users endure varying degrees of infoxication, or information overload, that exceed the individual's processing capacity. This loss of control over information leads to accepting as good almost any news that is received through social networks without carrying out a minimum critical reflection on them, becoming mere automatons programmed to continue turn-ing, increasingly faster, the wheel of the propagation of content.
In this context, information flow analysis tools contribute to an efficient analysis of news dissem-ination and the identification of users which share them on social networks. From the academic and scientific world, numerous works have addressed, and continue to do so, this area of re-search; Meanwhile, the different government institutions, both national and supranational, are addressing this phenomenon at a regulatory and legislative level. 
The ambition of this thesis is the development of a software tool that allows creating sets of data, or datasets, of users’ profiles who share news on the Telegram social network. Specifically, the application allows users to retrieve news from the Internet, search for profiles of users who are sharing them and generate datasets by collecting information about these users. The standard JSON structured data format is used to create files for both the datasets and the rest of the data managed by the application: Internet news and Telegram messages.
The results obtained during the functional tests of the application meet the main objective of this work: to generate datasets of profiles from users who share news, and with the specific objec-tives: to retrieve news from the Internet search engines or from RSS services, to search for mes-sages in Telegram chats whose contents are news URL and produce dataset using JSON’ stand-ard.  On the other hand, it is important to highlight that Telegram's limitations about retrieving information impose an external restriction on the system that limits message recovery capabilities.

